Load logo from Branding when activated (#13)
pluginsGLPI/pdf: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

## [UNRELEASE]

### Added

> - Use the Branding plugin logo in PDF headers (configurable)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New option to use the Branding plugin logo in PDF headers
```
